Update cross-tenant-mailbox-migration.md (#3990)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/cross-tenant-mailbox-migration.md

3. In either the Microsoft 365 admin center or a Remote PowerShell session, create one or more mail-enabled security groups to control the list of mailboxes allowed by the target tenant to pull (move) from the source tenant to the target tenant. You do not need to populate this group in advance, but at least one group must be provided to run the setup steps (script). Nest groups are not supported. 

> 4. Download the SetupCrossTenantRelationshipForResourceTenant.ps1 script for the source tenant setup from the GitHub repository here: [https://github.com/microsoft/cross-tenant/releases/tag/Preview](https://github.com/microsoft/cross-tenant/releases/tag/Preview). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Download the SetupCrossTenantRelationshipForResourceTenant.ps1 script for the source tenant setup from [CrossTenant Exchange Mailbox Migration Setup Scripts (preview)](https://github.com/microsoft/cross-tenant/releases/tag/Preview). 
```
